- - -
Layout:post
Title:Louis Gonzalez's blog
Date:2018-10-26
- - -

  This week we learned about defining values,creating images in WeScheme, and reviewing what we have done in the past 6 weeks. On monday we started to learn about defining values.When a value is defined,it adds that word to the WeScheme tab thats open. The way you do so is by opening a parenthesis pair,putting define and what ever you want to call the function or contract,which will be shape in this example, ie: shape3,then open up a new pair of parenthesis,then you enter in the strings and measurements and what shape it will be ie:(star 30 "solid" "blue"),then close both pairs of parenthesis,the end product should be: (Define shape3(star 30 "solid" "blue")). If done correctly,when shape3 is typed into the intereactions space,a blue star will appear once enter is pressed.
  
  We also learned how definitions in racket and regular math can lead to the same thing,yet differ in appearence. On tuesday we continued to learn about defining functions and how the can be used as shortcuts for long multiplcation like how old you are from years to months to days. Hw it works is your age will be defined as how old you are in years,ie:14,then you define age in months and days by multiplying how many are in a year by you age,which would be (define months(* age 12)) and (define days(* age 365)). On friday we did a review on what we knew. I was able to answer most of the questions,only having one incomplete because i didn't know how to do it,i actually didn't know how to do three,but figured out the other two.
  
  The focus for this blog is making connections, The circles of evalutaions from before deffinitely look like racket's functions now. The functions from the begining of the year haven't popped up yet in class from what i remember,so they might be what we learn later. In math class sometimes you need to create a new variable to make a problem easier to solve,it's like in racket,where defined values can make huge or small shortcuts in functions. Finding the answer for variables is also present, defining a function with a variable is the same as something like *t* = 20.
